---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to my Blog1!"
date:   2021-09-24 17:43:37 -0700
categories: weekly post
---

# Prometheus Server Lab 

This week I have been learning more about how the terminal has so many ways to be used, especially when it comes to servers. This week's lab was on how to install, use, and execute with the Prometheus Server. Prometheus Server was introduced this week to give more information on how to install packages from docker through the command line. The Prometheus Server lab had three learning goals: port mapping with docker containers, used wget to download packages, and server configurations. I was not familiar with most of these objectives but I have managed to follow through and understand the concepts on where and why I was following the steps.


Understanding the steps and procedures to start a docker container was fairly the easiest part of the lab. The reason I say that is because in previous courses I have used docker containers and it was muscle memory for the most part and a refresher. When it came down to installing Prometheus and exposing the ports, I was more following the steps rather than understanding and that made Stage 2 more complicated for me. In Stage 1, we had to create a new container, install packages, use wget to download a tar file, and then use the server's port. As I was doing these steps in Stage 1, it was straight forward since all steps were given. When it came to Stage 2, I was lost in the fact that I wasn’t able to download the node_exporter. I was not downloading the node_exporter file correctly because I was trying to download it from the same download folder as prometheus, but node_exporter was in a different folder which didn’t allow me to download the file. Solving the problem was fairly easy but took a while since it was my first time downloading files from a server. It is important to comprehend, follow, and look at the small details of every step in order to learn the material.
