---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 9"
date:   2022-04-21 17:43:37 -0700
categories: weekly post
---

#  UI UX

Most people do not know what UI UX, including me, until I started taking a course on it at CSUN.  UI UX is the study of human-computer interaction and the user experience; they both complement each other in the aspects on how both have interactions with humans. To me I find it interesting on how UI UX works since it deals with human-computer interactions. Human-computer interactions deal with how us humans use the interface of the computers and the other technologies there are. There is research on how many and how we use these human-computer interactions, they are always advancing in our daily lives for better user end experiences. User experience is the design and technical aspect of human-computer interactions, which is why both human-computer interactions and user experience both coordinate with each other. Being able to work with human-computer interaction and user experience, can be very interesting as how the technology itself must comprehend how us humans have a way of thinking and must adapt to it. Reasons why the technology must run adaptably for user end is because the technology must be easy enough for a human to comprehend but still run smoothly for its capacity. We right now, by reading this blog, are using a human-computer interaction to browse and view this website and blog. Mobile apps are another form of human-computer interaction, and it also uses the internet of things (IoT). One example of human-computer interaction that we might use every day is our mobile phones/devices. There are two main different operating systems that are popular, iPhone and Samsung. Both these operating systems have different user experiences as on how the mobile apps and system is set up. In my own opinion I have difficulty on using Samsung operating systems since it contains more information of apps than an iPhone. An iPhone in my opinion has a better user experience since the mobile application setup is more user friendly and cleaner in state. There is always better ways to improve human-computer interaction and user experience, but it all depends on what can be more reachable for both ends.
