---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 4"
date:   2022-03-10 17:43:37 -0700
categories: weekly post
---

# HTML

Html stands for Hypertext Markup Language and is a typ of code to use for web paged. Web pages are used in all sorts of things and always get updated from time to time. HTML web pages perform a set of structure such as paragraphs, bullet points, images, and other sort of information format styles. 
When first found out about HTML, I was in a high school room. When I was in high school I used to be in an Information Technology Academy and there I was introduced to web pages. HTML was my first form of web pages coding language, HTML contains different types of series on how certain ways the text format should be. There is a lot of information when it comes to coding web pages, such as the size of the text letter, font, and if you want to add images. When I was working on an HTML web page, I had some trouble trying to get an image to have a hyperlink. I wanted my web page to not only have a roll over image, but my roll over image to have a hyperlink that takes you over to the next directory that was not working. HTML web paging code can be fairly easy when imputed correctly. HTML uses tags  to its specific type of element that it is using. For my example, I was trying to use the element for hyperlink and my content would have been the hyperlink. Now with HTML elements, there should be an opening and a closing tag with each element that is listed when creating a web page. The reason why my hyperlink was not working with my roll over image was not because it was not possible to do but because I forgot to have a closing tag at the end of my HTML element and had two opening tags instead. 
