---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 8"
date:   2022-04-16 17:43:37 -0700
categories: weekly post
---

# IT Infrastructure 

Information Technology infrastructure is when there are components and such that help complete or manage an Information Technology environment. An information technology infrastructure usually consists of hardware, software, location, and business system supports that help start the information technology infrastructure. There are three different types of information technology infrastructure, and those are software, cloud, and infrastructure as a service (Iaas). Some basic information technology infrastructure could be setting up routers, switches , modems, storage devices, and access devices for access points. Software infrastructure includes network infrastructure that helps it function. Software infrastructure enables automation to a greater extent. Usually the software infrastructure is a programmable managed software for infrastructure design. On the other hand, cloud infrastructure is more on the storage and computing source of infrastructure. Having a centralized resource for remote users can have an organization manageable and sustainable. Cloud infrastructure is also a good source of flexibility and cost efficient than the traditional way of information technology setup. Infrastructure-as-a-service is when the organization itself purchases hardware and uses a cloud provider for online service to have it be managed through there. This type of infrastructure is more known to be a virtualized element for a self managed organization.



