---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 1"
date:   2022-02-19 17:43:37 -0700
categories: weekly post
---

# GitHub Trouble Shooting

During last week's blog I had trouble uploading my blog onto my repository. When trying to push my blog, my repository was not being updated to my new blog 0 file. I had a few minor fixes that I had to do in order for my blog to push. Since I haven't pushed to this repository since last semester's blog, I forgot how to push correctly. The first error I had was not having the correct format for the date and name on the script. I had a different date and name on the file name and what was on the script. So once I fixed the names on my file, I had another issue where I was not in the correct folder in my repository. I had to make sure I was in the correct one since apparently I have two folders with the same name but one of them is not in the right sub folder. Once I was in the right folder and try to push my blog I ran into another problem with my github. I had to make a directory for my markdown file which is my blog. With making the directory for it, I had to make sure I was in the right directory and check my git status. Everything seemed like it was in the correct directory and correct file and I was able to add, commit, and push to my blog page. Overall last week's blogs were interesting for me to push on my blog page from trial and error. One thing I would like to do next is learn more on how to customize my blog page. I would like to make my blog page more of  my own and change the background and personalize it to be more of me.
